Trick or Treat!
Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai here!
Even though it's already halloween, I'm still wearing the same outfit...
Ahhh...I wanna change my outfit to something like a cat
or maybe like a demon~
I wanna wear all kinds of costumes!
I wanna go to a parade too!
But I'm virtual so I can't...
I wanna do something halloween themed~
If you thought I can't enjoy halloween,
you are wrong!
I will do anything no matter what to enjoy halloween!
so with that said, I wanna do a "Guess the Zombie" quiz!
As I will act like a zombie from a movie or a game
You guys will then have to guess where the zombie is from!~
Perfect!!
so without further ado~ Let's go~~~
Zombie impersonation no.1
Zo Zo Zo
Zombie...
Zombie....Ho...Te....
I'm a Zombie~
The correct answer is~
Movie: I am a hero
A jumping ZQN
Zombie impersonation no.2
Zon Zon Zon
Zombie~
Zombie....Ho...Te....
I'm a Zombie~
The correct answer is!~
from the game: The Evil Within (Psycho Break)
The Haunted (human shaped)
Zombie impersonation no.3
I.....
How dare you! You left me behind!!!
I....
loved you so much... Why...
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Zon Zon Zon
Zombie
Zombie....Ho...Te....
I'm a Zombie~
The correct answer is!~
Mia Winters from the game Resident Evil 7: Biohazard
Did you guys get all the correct answers?
Well~ that was easy, right?
I''m good at impersonating Zombie anyway~
Finally, everyone together~
1...2...!
Trick or Treat!
Translated by Inori